Hey,
guys,
welcome backs in this video.
We're going to see how we can use the range object in combination with this sells object.
So remember,
guys,
when we're speaking about the range object and when we write rains and open brackets,
you can see here that the range object actually has to import cell one and cell too.
So basically it has a starting sell.
You put a starting cel in the cel one input,
and then you put unending cel in the cel to import,
and actually the range will span between these two cells.
Okay,
so this is gonna form your rage of cells.
so these starting and ending cells can be written in any way that we would like so we can
write them using the range object.
Or we can also write them using the cells collection.
Object.
Okay.
So we could write range,
sells one comma one,
and then you put a comma and then in cell two would write cells,
four comma three equals 50.
Okay,
so what's gonna happen is that Excel will put the value of 50 in the range spanning between
the cell in the first row and the first column,
which is sell a one and the cell in the fourth row,
and the third column,
which is Cell C four.
So what's gonna happen is that Excel will put the value of 50 in the range spanning between
the cell in the first row in the first column,
which is sell a one and the cell in the fourth row,
and the third column,
which is Cell C four.
So if you run that you consider that the value of 50 has been put in that range.
You can also mix between the range object and the cells collection object in one range.
So instead of writing sells one comma,
one you could write range a one,
and that is gonna have the same effect.
So if you run that,
you can see here that the value of 50 as well has been put in the same range.
Okay,
so basically,
you can put the starting and the ending cells of a range object either using the range
object or using the cells collection object or you can actually mix between them.
Okay,
so ah,
that's it,
guys,
for that lecture.
Thank you very much watching this video and I'll see on the next one